The X-Tornado seems to be
running really great
since we installed
the Chaos Emerald.
This has to be
just about the smoothest flight
I've ever been on.
Huh?
I think it's picked up
something. Aah!
I can't control it.
Something's pulling us
off course.
Maybe it's another
Chaos Emerald.
Oh! Huh?
Stop! Stop!
Oh!
Better go down there.
Huh?
Wow!
[Engine sputters]
TAILS:
Excuse me, sir.
Hello?
- Yo!
- Huh?
[Gasps]
Keep away!
Huh?
I'm sorry.
I was in my plane, and the
Chaos Emerald started glowing.
Don't worry, mister,
I won't hurt you.
Huh?
Sure is some story,
little fella.
Never would have guessed
that was you
flying that plane up there.
I'm sorry if I frightened you
just now, sir.
I've never seen a stadium
as pretty as this before.
You know, the grass
is practically glowing.
Thanks for the compliment.
Lots of folks say
the turf here at Diamond Stadium
is the best in the world,
which makes me happy because
I've been the grounds keeper
here at Diamond for 30 years.
30 years?
You bet.
Only I'm afraid today's my last
day here at the old place.
You see, the Diamond's manager
wants to build an indoor stadium
with artificial turf,
so this place
is gonna be demolished.
I tell you, leaving this place
feels like the end of an era.
By the way, little fella,
did you mention something
about an emerald?
Yeah.
See? I'm looking for an emerald
just like this one.
It's called the Chaos Emerald.
A what?
Would this be
what you're looking for?
Ah, a Chaos Emerald!
I saw it laying next to the
Dumpster a couple of nights ago.
I wasn't sure what is was.
- Wow!
- Ohh!
Whoa!
- What is it?
- Is it magic?
It looks like a laser show.
I know that light.
Dr. Eggman, you might want
to take a look at this, sir.
What is that light?
It appears to be coming
from the baseball stadium.
A stadium, you say?
Fascinating.
I have a feeling there's
an emerald out at that Diamond.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
ELLA: Let's start
with our first course.
Which knife and fork
should we use?
Um, these.
[Giggles]
I agree.
Chao chao!
Right. You're such smart
children, and what good manners!
Chao!
I don't see why we have to learn
all this etiquette baloney
in the first place.
My mom says it's important
to learn good manners
so we can eat properly.
I never learned
anything about manners,
and I've been eating
my whole life.
Sonic, kindly use
your fruit knife.
I wonder what's keeping Tails.
He should be back by now.
- [Laughs]
- Huh?
Sorry, I didn't know
it was mealtime,
but Dr. Eggman's got a real
important message for you.
Not again!
How dare you barge in on us
like this?
You need to learn some manners.
Eh, that's what you say.
Good evening, Sonic.
I suggest you take a look
out your window.
Window?
Ah!
What is it?
That light's coming
from the Chaos Emerald.
Is she right?
You are half right, Cream.
But that's not just
one Chaos Emerald.
Correct.
We both want those Emeralds.
But why not be
good sports about it?
That's why I suggest you suit up
and meet me
over at the Diamond Stadium.
Diamond Stadium?
What for?
I challenge you and your friends
to a game of winner-take-all
baseball.
[Laughs evilly]
You guys might be
a little rusty,
so how about
some batting practice?
Hee hee hee hee!
Uh-oh.
You got a decent swing,
but you keep hitting it foul.
Whoa!
What kind of pitch was that?
I think it was a screwball.
We have to get to that stadium.
What just happened there,
little fella?
That always happens when
Chaos Emeralds come together.
I just hope the wrong person
didn't see it.
[Eggman laughs evilly]
Well, if it isn't
my foxy high-flying friend.
Dr. Eggman!
[Laughs evilly]
Where's the rest of your team?
It's almost game time.
Forget it.
You want the Chaos Emeralds,
but I won't give them to you.
Could it be Sonic and his pals
are choosing to forfeit?
I must say that's
very unsportsmanlike of them.
If there's one thing I hate
more than a meddling hedgehog,
it's a quitter.
I don't get it.
What are you talking about?
If they won't play ball
with me, I still win.
Whoa!
What's going on here, anyway?
Oh, no!
He's got the Emerald!
One down, one to go.
Hand it over.
I won it fair and square.
Now give me that Emerald, or
I'll have to use a force play.
I'd like to see you try it.
That was close.
Are you all right?
Knuckles!
Am I glad to see you!
Well, look who it is.
I like your costume.
You again.
And what brings you here?
Doing Sonic's dirty work?
Let's get out of here, Tails.
Okay.
- Huh?
Hey, how's it going, Knuckles?
Well, if it isn't Sonic.
I thought you
weren't going to show up,
so I took one of the Emeralds,
and I was just collecting
the second.
But now that you're here,
maybe we can play ball.
All right, just give us back
that Chaos Emerald.
All in good time,
my speedy little opponent.
But first, let me introduce you
to my fellow teammates.
Huh?
Aah!
They're scaring me, Amy.
It's okay.
Not too shabby.
Now, why don't we knock off
the pregame ceremonies
and get to the reason
we're all here.
It's now game time.
TOGETHER:
Let's play ball.
You can't have your game here.
Wait, it just so happens
old Grandpa Chuck here's a big
baseball fan from way back.
A nice friendly game of baseball
sounds like a great idea to me.
But, Chuck!
[Laughs evilly]
Ah, so, you're Chuck, are you?
Well, it's a great pleasure
to finally meet you.
A ball game must sound
most exciting
after being cooped up in
that laboratory day after day.
Hey, if you want
to have a ball game,
you have to have it
someplace else.
Isn't anybody listening to me?
Well, Eggman,
if the others are up for it,
I would be more than happy
to accept your challenge.
But you can't have
your game here!
You're gonna ruin
all the beautiful turf!
What's that loudmouth fox
getting so
bent out of shape for?
Who knows?
Hey!
I'll have you know this stadium
means a lot to my friend.
It's okay, Tails.
Huh?
Only a matter of time
before it's demolished anyway.
Have I seen you somewhere?
Maybe during
the seventh-inning stretch.
My name's Albert Butler.
I'm the head grounds keeper.
Ah!
I thought you looked familiar.
I've seen you on television.
You were good friends
with the owner of the Diamonds,
Elmer Johnson, right?
Wow!
You know him?
Elmer and I
don't talk much anymore.
[Crying]
This is such an honor
that I get to play baseball
in the famous Diamond Stadium.
Stop your blubbering,
and let's play baseball!
- Okay.
- How do we play?
Chao chao!
All right, everybody,
time for the Chaos Emerald
Baseball Playoffs.
It's the first annual
Eggman Intergalactic
Baseball Challenge.
This is sad.
And totally embarrassing.
One. Two.
Does he have to be on our team?
Amy, do we get to play, too?
- Don't see why not.
- Chao chao!
[Grunts]
Oh, yeah.
CHRIS:
Hey, Grandpa, I'm not so sure
this baseball game
is such a good idea.
What if Eggman's got
something up his sleeve?
Chris, you may be right.
For all we know, that guy
could be using a corked bat.
That's not exactly what I meant.
Let's decide which team
will be first to bat.
Rock, paper.
KNUCKLES:
You can't be serious.
You do know what will happen
if Dr. Eggman wins, don't you?
He won't just be
winning the game,
but the Chaos Emeralds, too.
If Eggman wins this game,
it'll mean nothing
but catastrophe for all of us.
I'd say that's nothing
but stinking thinking.
Why ruin everyone's fun?
Come on, Knuckles,
don't you want to play?
Don't be chicken.
Chao chao chao chao!
KNUCKLES:
Me? Chicken?
Perhaps Mr. Knuckles
is simply afraid
to play a game of baseball.
Afraid?
I'm not afraid of anything.
Great.
Then you'll play?
[Grumbles]
All right, you asked for it!
You want a team player,
I'll give you a team player!
Let's get this game on!
Let's play ball.
Bring it on!
Ugh!
Strike one.
Ahh!
[Whistles]
Strike two.
Strike three.
One out.
How could anybody
hit a ball that fast?
[Laughs evilly]
Loser!
Okay, boys,
send in the next sucker.
It'll probably be a fastball.
UMPIRE:
Strike one.
Hey, umpire, that's not fair!
What do you want?
It's not my fault
he's got long arms.
Give me your best pitch,
ball boy.
I got it!
[Cheering]
We might not lose after all.
She's out.
Huh?
But I thought...
[Laughs evilly]
Now I'll show them
what I can do.
I'm a much better
pitcher anyway.
Oh!
Uh, sorry about that.
Strike.
Huh?
Safe.
Losing isn't fun.
And it's out of the park!
Home run!
You caught it, Sonic,
but if it's outside the fence,
it doesn't count.
Who says we gotta play
by the rules anyway?
Cut me some slack.
Sorry.
That's a hit.
UMPIRE:
Sad to say, but it's a home run.
[Cheering]
Good evening,
ladies and gentlemen.
This is Scarlet Garcia
with a live report
from Diamond Stadium.
There appears to be
a most unusual baseball game
happening right this moment.
The notorious Dr. Eggman
and a team of robots
are playing a game against Sonic
and friends here at the stadium,
the soon to be former home
of the Diamonds.
This is certain to become
sports history.
This is Scarlet Garcia
reporting.
Stay tuned to SSTV
for continuing coverage
of this momentous game.
CHUCK:
We're closing in on them.
Now let's give it our best shot!
- Tanaka!
- Yes, sir.
I'm putting in
a pinch hitter for you.
- Huh?
- It's Cheese.
Chao!
UMPIRE:
Ball one.
Ball two.
Ball three.
Ball four.
- Take your base.
- Chao.
You big loser!
You call yourself a pitcher?
Play ball.
Oh, Mr. Pitcher, could you maybe
not throw the ball too hard?
I've never played before.
Balk!
Batter takes first base.
Thank you, Mr. Pitcher.
I ought to throw you
on the scrap heap!
CHUCK: All right, Knuckles,
another home run!
AMY:
That means we're tied.
Huh?
Look, everybody.
Hey, hey.
Hey, you guys,
hit a homer over this way.
Huh?
Where'd all these people
come from?
[Grunts]
You strike out that squirt,
or else!
[Whimpers]
UMPIRE:
Strike one.
Oh, no.
What if I let
the whole team down?
Strike two.
- SONIC: Time-out.
- Huh?
Hey, Chris.
There's nothing to it.
All you have to do
is concentrate.
That's easy for you to say.
He's pitching so fast.
So he's throwing
a couple of fastballs.
You can't let that
get you down, pal.
Just keep on trying
and don't give up.
Now get out there
and do your best.
Okay.
Play ball.
[Thinking]
Sonic's right.
I just have to keep trying.
Aah!
Strike three.
At least I tried my best.
- CHUCK: Chris, run!
- Huh?
Ah! Unh!
UMPIRE:
Safe.
I did it!
I got to first base!
[Cheering]
Oh, yeah?
Those bumbling clowns
won't make a fool out of me.
What's that?
Oh, dear.
My robot.
It's malfunctioning.
It will explode any minute now.
Run, Sonic!
Hurry!
Run away!
Sonic, what are we gonna do?
He's trying to get us
to forfeit the game.
I gotta get rid
of this thing quick.
Hey, you're really hanging on.
- Sonic!
- Huh?
Jump, Sonic!
Hurry!
Okay!
Hey, watch it, will you?
Thanks.
You're a lifesaver.
[Laughs evilly]
You may have beaten me
at baseball.
But with this shiny blue
Chaos Emerald
snuggled ever so safely
in my pocket,
I'm the real winner,
after all, aren't I?
[Laughs evilly]
Now he has both
the Chaos Emeralds.
[Cheers and applause]
What an amazing team!
As you can see, there's been
quite a turnout for this event.
The game was the last to be
played here at the stadium.
[Gasps]
Could that be?
Hey, look.
That's Elmer Johnson.
I was watching at home.
I must say it was
quite a remarkable game.
It's all thanks to you, Al.
And, well, Al,
I can't help but think
how much you've done
for the Diamonds over the years,
and what a great friend
you've been.
Thank you.
I'm thinking of moving
the Diamond turf
over to the new stadium intact.
I sure could use your help.
Sure thing.
We may have lost
the Chaos Emerald,
but I think we've learned
a lesson about working together,
and I'm sure you'll agree
we'll be even stronger
next time we meet Eggman.